where in the world are we heading and
how are we going to get there the
economy is not what they tell us you
look at the jobs numbers and if you were
to add them up every single month my
goodness there would be billions of
people in the United States it makes no
sense and I'm going to show you today
not only where we are at but where we're
heading how we're getting there all the
details that you need to know right now
to be informed you came here for the
truth so let me unveil that for you
right here you are seeing the majority
of middleclass Americans say that they
struggle financially so we look here at
a median household income of
$60,000 that's what they consider here
and just saying this it represents the
vast majority of people you know if you
live in San Francisco if you live in the
middle of nowhere kind of a different uh
situation but median and that gives us a
look at what people are experiencing
overall they can't pay the bills what
has happened in the Last 5 Years
essentially we have seen prices
Skyrocket we have seen the cost of
living going up much faster than their
measurement of cost of living so we know
it's not accurate now this leads me into
my next point you can see the end
results of course this there's many
reasons for this but let's just stay to
the economic side okay San Francisco's
business Hub is deserted with Eerie
footage showing boarded up shops for
leas signs and empty sidewalks after
spiraling crime and homelessness drove
businesses out the same thing is going
on in other parts of the world and other
parts of the United States but this is
something that happens in an area that
is filled with so much Tech Talent right
you're talking about this area being uh
you know the real estate has done very
well for a very long time there's a lot
of people with a lot of success there
and yet the area just falls into
shambles and you know you could look
through it if you're interested uh it
depends you know what time of day was it
it was it a holiday like you don't
really know but ultimately we do see the
store closures it's the same thing in
New York where a lot of the Prime grade
a real estate is boarded up unused and
that tells us that there's a very big
fundamental problem uh that hasn't been
resolved and will not be resolved by
what they will try to you know pursue
what is the government going to do as a
result of this I think it's pretty
obvious you have to do one thing you
have to stimulate and we'll talk further
about that
today America's commute to uh work is
getting longer and longer the you know
the article here talks about the super
commuters people who are traveling hours
and hours a day why because they love to
be in traffic no I'm sure they don't um
but what's happening here is that they
can't afford the homes inside the city
and the city is where the jobs are this
presents itself with an issue and people
want to live in a home they want to have
the backyard they want to have all these
things but they can't without going way
outside the city I knew somebody
personally who had to travel an hour and
a half on the train in each Direction
plus a minimum minimum of 15minute drive
so adding that all up this guy for hours
a day
he's simply unable to do anything he
would sleep in in his travel on that
train because quite frankly nothing else
to do and probably short changes his
sleep hours as a result of this this is
not good you know this is a sign of very
like I would say it's a misallocation of
capital the prices of the homes are too
high they shouldn't be like that it
should not be like that at all it
doesn't matter how old the economy is it
doesn't matter necessarily how well the
economy has done recently these are not
factors which should affect it we have
other problems and when you have too
much stimulus when you have too much
corruption these kind of things do
evolve over a relatively short span this
is the craziest thing I have seen now I
follow everything all of the people at
the FED say so when you tune to this
channel you get that as close to their
mouth as as you can in this one I mean
it's unbelievable Neil kashgari okay
people would rather have recession than
high inflation but the interesting part
about it was that he was so mind-boggled
he was so mind-boggled by all of this he
was saying like I can't believe it she
said to me inflation is worse than a
recession this is contrary to the
convention conventional economic
thinking and I said I don't understand
that how can inflation be worse than a
recession in a recession you lose your
job inflation is paying higher prices
but you still have a job now let me tell
you something
Neil when inflation happens for a couple
years yeah it might be okay but when
inflation happens for years on years and
years people eventually can't pay now
you and your salary and your Investments
you might be doing okay but the average
American the average Canadian everybody
else they're suffering financially and
that's what we talked about at the very
beginning so the FED fundamentally
doesn't understand you so when they have
an action that they're taking it's not
for you you got to you got it you have
to wrap your mind around this it is not
for you it's for the Elite Class the
shareholders of the fed and those who
are going to benefit most from their
activities it's got nothing to do with
whoever the leader is it's that that has
nothing to do
with their actions please okay workers
at TJ Maxx and Marshalls are wearing
police like body cameras I mean that's
the state of the economy right now an
extreme example and this is where it's
heading want to pay cash that'll cost
extra you see we are now witnessing a
time in which it's going to be
impossible to utilize cash they're going
to eliminate it they're going to make it
at least very difficult for you and the
businesses generally will not want to
accept that okay it's more difficult for
them they got to count the money at the
end of the night you know they got to go
put it at the bank all this stuff okay
they're doing everything they can to
make this a cashless society and you
know what we've heard about all of this
with the Central Bank digital currencies
and everything else I'll get there in a
sec so what's next well we've already
seen this the Bank of Canada Cuts key
interest rate to 4.75 so it was at 5
they cut it to
4.75 that's what happened in Canada why
because Canada is so heavily Reliant it
is ENT it is essential to have real
estate not just stay extremely expensive
but to never come down never come down
and always go up this is essential for
Canada's economy of course that is
unsustainable so now what they're doing
while prices are still
at near record alltime record highs they
want to start cutting interest rates oh
but they are concerned they are
concerned well we have the ECB following
soup European Central Bank Cuts interest
rates for the first time since
2019 and of course we are still way way
above where it was for many years but
get to know what they're doing here the
inflation cycle has
begun even though the other one didn't
finish as a result of this well look the
dollar is at its strongest since the
1980s can it last the Greenback is
historically very expensive Amit a
recovery in global growth and a fraught
election campaign use any nonsense you
want look what's happening here these
other currencies are weakening against
it in particular Canadian dollar I've
heard many reports of this going to 60
cents to the US dollar maybe even 50 in
a worst case scenario that would be
detrimental of course but that's the way
it works everybody technically wants to
be weaker against the US dollar so that
they can export to the hungry us
consumer well this is just something
that's been going on it fluctuates all
the time but when you cut interest rates
especially at this time when the US has
not it makes the US dollar stronger I've
talked about this before I'll talk to my
Sunday business live group you got to
make sure that if you're not earning US
dollar through your main source of
income that you do through alternate
sources of income earn those British
pounds earn all these other currencies
if you can
okay and what comes next well I want to
show you this is um an article just just
something to U make a point he's content
living paycheck to paycheck my husband
won't work or get a driver's license now
things have gotten even worse so it's
just you know somebody just venting
about this particular circumstance but I
think this is going to happen with a lot
of people they're disenfranchised they
don't want to work they don't want
employment they want to
basically get have an easy Road get a
simple job be able to pay the bills and
they know that they really can't do that
now the average person is basically
screwed if you haven't bought a house
now how are you ever going to how can
you even rent a house you got to share
it uh amongst at least two people so
that it's somewhat affordable but
everything's Rising regardless and so
they're saying forget it I give up well
that's happening with a lot of people
and so some are saying I'm moving out of
the state I'm moving out of the province
I'm moving um to a different country
altogether and that is very reasonable
like for some doing a digital Nomad type
lifestyle you could be living in Vietnam
for like 1,500 bucks a month and living
pretty nice uh but not a lot of people
want to do that they don't want to
necessarily just go to Vietnam or
Thailand or Philippines or you know
Indonesia they're saying that's really
not the life that I had planned and
they're kind of just in this state of
limbo you've got to take action you have
to do what you can okay there are only
so many things that you have in a given
day okay so what can you do as an
individual what you must absolutely must
do is get your education on bang on what
is your current status for skills what
do you need to get skilled up look at
class Central okay if you want to get
simple Financial education for free yes
there's the YouTube videos and so on but
you need a level of like education
that's beyond that and that's Compass
totally free the money gps.com
compass that is a totally free 20 minute
split up into a whole bunch of videos
Financial education program that I
released for you and then if you want to
actually make a lot of money you want to
build a business online and you want to
be able to be
geographically dispersed okay you want
the diversification all around the world
well then you could speak to me directly
I have a small group of people that we
uh talk every Sunday for two hours plus
and during that period of time we go
through and we basically show how to
build an online business right from the
ground boots on the ground uh sharing
this with the small group over Zoom if
you want to be part of that there's a
link in the description below I'll just
uh obviously we've had a change here in
the Channel videos will be once per week
okay and uh that's at least you know the
goal maybe there will be a surprise
video here and there if like the Federal
Reserve does something huge and I need
to make a video immediately maybe but
the general schedule will be
Monday um and U it's going to be once a
week and I'll try to make sure that's a
bang on point at the same time every
Monday so you know when to show up I
want to see you back here next time take
care